>> Steve Kinney: We've set up a CI/CD
pipeline, we put our application on
the Internet, globally distributed it,
so on and so forth, right?
Now we get to kind of the bonus
round of all of this, right?
Which is beginning to figure out,
there's usually a point in time where
you can serve just Static assets.
But all of a sudden you get to a point
where, do I need to put a server in
front of that to do URL rewriting or
any kind of logic, right?
It seems heavy to have to
set up a node server or
some other application
server in front of that.
It also adds a decent amount of
complexity that we might not really want.
So a few years ago Amazon
came out with AWS Lambda, and
AWS Lambda is basically server less.
By server less, I mean,
somebody else's server,
functions that you just pay on execution,
right?
So every time a certain event happens,
this function fires and it can do stuff,
right?
And those are really cool, and
again, Frontend Masters has
a whole course on AWS Lambda.
That you should totally check
out if you're interested
on the server side implications.
For this course,
I am only concerned with how it fits
into our current deployment layout.
And so on top of Lambda
there is also Lambda@Edge.
The major difference is your AWS Lambda
functions exist in one of the data
centers in one of the regions somewhere.
So if you deploy it to US East 1, it's in
Virginia, US West 2 is I think in Oregon.
And I'm not going to play a game
where I try to guess where all
the regions are based out of,
but you get the idea.
And you can even just do
the multi-region if you want.
But generally speaking,
you deploy a Lambda function to a region
that acts almost like a server.
It can be with an API gateway,
so on and so forth.
There's also Lambda@Edge,
which is a very similar concept to Lambda.
It's the same idea as Lambda,
except that you can do it at each one of
those Edge nodes that CloudFront provides.
So all, over 100 plus Edge nodes can
actually run a certain amount of code.
And so you're like, well, why would I do
regular Lambda if I could do Lambda@Edge?
I mean, there's a few reasons, right?
One is that the Edge ones are much
more limited than the ones that are in
a data center for obvious reasons.
There are hundreds of locations.
When you're doing a regular AWS Lambda
function, I think you have,
your Lambda can take up to
five minutes of time, right?
On a Lambda@Edge, depending on which one.
And we'll talk about the different kinds
in a second, gets between five seconds and
30 seconds, right?
So that is way less,
you get less memory, so on and so forth.
We're going to use,
if it's mostly like server side stuff,
you'd probably want a regular Lambda.
Lambda@Edge is really useful when
it comes down to taking any of the,
coming into CloudFront.
Any of the requests and
responses that we're getting back and
the client's interaction with
our Static assets, right?
If we need to do anything along the way,
right?
So if you're modifying requests and
responses Lambda@Edge is
a really good choice.
Because now you can deploy
this all around the world and
be able to solve a whole
bunch of problems.
And we're going to solve a few
of them together today, but
first let's look at exactly
what Lambda@Edge is.
So Lambda@Edge allows you to put Lambda
functions at one of four locations.
Viewer request, origin request,
origin response, viewer response.
We're going to go over each of these
in a little more detail in a moment,
but let's just to do a high level first.
Viewer request is from,
it's basically the Lambda in between
the user's browser before
it hits CloudFront, right?
So it gives you an opportunity
to modify stuff there.
Now, if CloudFront has it in cache,
it just ends up being a viewer response,
right?
That's leaving CloudFront and
going back to the browser, right?
Because we said the first time it gets
a request, it goes all the way back to S3.
Which is our origin in this case,
does everything, and sends it back.
On repeat requests,
it will actually go ahead and
it will just immediately send it
back because it has it in cache.
So viewer request is
browser to CloudFront,
origin request is CloudFront to S3.
Going the opposite direction origin
responses, S3 back to CloudFront,
and viewer response is
CloudFront back to the user.
So let's take a look at what each one of
those means in a little more depth, right?
A viewer request is executed on every
request before CloudFront even checks
its cache, right?
This could be used full for
normalizing, right?
We talked about like we wanted
to ignore headers, right?
But if we need a given header we might
want to put a Lambda to at least like
normalize all those.
So make them all lowercase,
make them all capital.
Don't have this thing where it's like,
okay, I've got one header that's
capitalized, and one that's not
well those are different head, no.
Right?
It's great for
normalizing query strings,
headers and stuff along those lines.
Right now our current application,
it's a react application and
what happens is,
we send you the application.
It loads up, then it checks to
see if you're logged in and
kicks you back into the login page.
One of the things that I want to implement
eventually is just checking if they do
have an off cookie.
>> Steve Kinney: On your way in, if not,
we'll redirect you before we
send you the entire payload.
Wait for it to get parsed by the browser,
all those kind of things.
It needs to make additional network calls,
or if you need to generate responses,
this is before it hits CloudFront.
So none of these would
be cached in this case.
So if it hits CloudFront and CloudFront's
like, I don't have this in cache,
I need to go back to the origin, right?
We have another place where we can drop
in a Lambda at the origin request.
So when there's a cache miss,
before we go to S3.
The viewer request gets about
five seconds to execute,
the origin request gets a luxurious
30 seconds to execute, right?
Not a regular Lambda's five minutes by
any stretch of the imagination, but
a little bit more time.
It can make external network calls.
So if you want to even like go get
something from a different bucket based
on some conditions, so on and
so forth, that's cool.
Like I said, dynamically set in origin, so
this is good for like if you want to A, B,
test so on and so forth.
It can rewrite the URLs, and
other cool stuff like that.
Once we've hit S3 and
we've either found it in S3 or not,
it hasn't been cached yet
so we can change stuff.
So this is again how to go to S3 for
these to get called.
This can make more external calls, it can
modify response headers prior to caching.
The second it gets back to CloudFront,
CloudFront's going to be like, this is
what I do when I get this kind of request.
So this is an opportunity to
change the response, right?
It basically gives you pragmatic access to
modify stuff as it enters CloudFront and
leaves CloudFront.
Which is kind of cool, it means
that your CDN is now programmable.
It's not just like, my assets are there,
and they're distributed, neat,
you can actually do stuff with it.
Finally, the viewer response,
this is always executed, right?
Because we are always gonna at
least have the viewer request and
then viewer response.
It's only if we have a cache or miss that
we go all the way back to the origin.
So it's executed on all requests
after response is received from
the origin or cache.
We can modify the header's outcaching
the result that you can make for
more external network calls.
There is one drawback that, again,
this is one of those things that's like,
let me make this point now and
put it into your brain.
Because you will get tripped
up by it eventually.
Amazon has a lot of things that
start with the word Cloud,
they have CloudFront, as we saw.
There is CloudFormation, which is, again,
the ability to write down your
entire infrastructure as code.
And then say, okay, I need a CloudFront
distribution, S3 bucket, so on and
so forth, and
it will provision all of that for you.
There's also CloudWatch,
and there's probably two or
three other things that start with
the word Cloud, to be honest with you.
CloudWatch is their logging service,
it collects a bunch of logs.
Now, CloudWatch has regions, right?
So if you set a regular
Lambda function in US West 1,
what region do you think you
should be on to read the logs?
US West 1, right?
Makes sense,
what happens if your application
is distributed around the world?
>> Steve Kinney: They're not all
going to be in the same region.
So the tricky part,
especially as you're trying to debug,
is you kind of have to take a lucky
guess what the closest region to you is.
And that's where you have to go look for
the logs, right?
And now, if you are in Northern Virginia,
probably pretty easy.
But as you get further from one
of the actual region's locations,
it becomes a little bit more guesswork.
Particularly if you live in Denver,
Colorado, or
sometimes, like this week,
my logs were in US East 2, which is Ohio.
Definitely a month ago they were
totally in California [LAUGH], so
that is a thing that I'm
going to warn you of now.
Like, is it that your thing
isn't providing any logs, or
are you not looking in the right place for
your logs?
These, again, distributed systems
are hard, this is all cool,
but there are some drawbacks in this case.